How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
What is the full form of .com ?
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
What is the oldest profession ?
What are liver enzymes ?
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
Who killed Gandhi ?
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
What is an annotated bibliography ?
What is the date of Boxing Day ?
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
Name 11 famous martyrs .
What 's the Olympic motto ?
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
What does a spermologer collect ?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
What do Mormons believe ?
When did the neanderthal man live ?
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
How many people in the world speak French ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
What is ethology ?
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
What is the nature of learning ?
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
What 's the term for a young fox ?
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
What is the Kashmir issue ?
Where is the Loop ?
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
What country 's capital is Tirana ?
What is titanium ?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister�city with Los Angeles ?
What is a caldera ?
Why do people get calluses ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
Who is the founder of Scientology ?
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
What is the history of skateboarding ?
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
What is the origin of head lice ?
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
What was the first domesticated bird ?
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
Who were the five Marx brothers ?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
What are bear and bull markets ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
What is `` dew point '' ?
What is the meaning of Jesus ?
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
What is the definition of a cascade ?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
Who invented Make-up ?
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
How do you make a paintball ?
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
What is a female rabbit called ?
Where is the highest point in Japan ?
Where do chihuahuas come from ?
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
What are the world 's four oceans ?
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
What is the largest snake in the world ?
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
How do chickens have baby chicks ?
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
How was the element calcium named ?
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
What is a transistor ?
What is a film starring Jude Law ?
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
What are equity securities ?
What is gymnophobia ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
Where is the Orinoco ?
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
What is the origin of the word , JJ .
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
How you can raise your IQ ?
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
Who produces Spumante ?
Who earns their money the hard way ?
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
Who discovered electricity ?
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
Who was the first American in space ?
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
What is a dental root canal ?
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
What is the busiest air travel season ?
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
What are hook worms ?
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
Where are the 49 steps ?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
What is the 401 , K , plan ?
What causes pneumonia ?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
What does gringo mean ?
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
Where is the Kalahari desert ?
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
Who created Dennis the Menace ?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
How do I start a web based business ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
How many species of sharks are there ?
What is `` snoogans '' ?
How many people are there in the world ?
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
What does S.O.S. stand for ?
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
What four forms does gold occur in ?
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
When did beethoven die ?
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
Where was George Washington born ?
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
What is paracetamol ?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
What is the origin of the name Katie ?
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
Who is Terrence Malick ?
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
When did World War I start ?
How many feet are there in a fathom ?
What is a Canada two-penny black ?
What European city do Nicois live in ?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
What did brontosauruses eat ?
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
What is molybdenum ?
When is Boxing Day ?
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
What 's the official animal of Canada ?
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
What is the size of the largest akita ?
What animal has the biggest eyes ?
What is California 's capital ?
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
What do Italians call Florence ?
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
What city did the Flintstones live in ?
What is Latin for incompetent ?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
What is the abbreviation for micro ?
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
What does NASDAQ stand for ?
What is BPH ?
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
How did the tradition of best man start ?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
What are Halloween 's colors ?
How is silk screening done ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
How do you match a name to a social security number ?
How does a rainbow form ?
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
What is the population of Ohio ?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
Hazmat stands for what ?
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
Who followed Caesar ?
What are the four elements ?
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
What is Answers.com 's address ?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
Who invented the radio ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
What ocean is the largest in the world ?
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
Define the Pheonix Club ?
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
How does a copier work ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
Where does chocolate come from ?
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
What is the function of RAM ?
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
Where is Basque country located ?
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
What is dry ice ?
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
What is the longest-running television series ?
What predators exist on Antarctica ?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
How is energy created ?
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
What are the different types of plastic ?
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
What year did Hitler die ?
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
What kind of animal is Babar ?
What is Jane Goodall known for ?
What killed Bob Marley ?
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
Who is Stein Eriksen ?
What does the name Billie mean ?
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
What is the highest peak in Africa ?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
What do bicornate animals have two of ?
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
What is a fear of weakness ?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
What does G.M.T. stand for ?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
How do I tie dye clothes ?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
What makes popcorn pop ?
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
Who painted Mother and Child ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
What was Mao 's second name ?
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
Where do hyenas live ?
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
What is the Jewish bible called ?
Why is the grass green ?
What is a firewall ?
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
What was known as the Spice Island ?
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
What do economists do ?
What country has the largest sheep population ?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
What does SIDS stand for ?
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
Who is the president of Stanford University ?
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
What city is Logan Airport in ?
What is a nanometer ?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
When did CNN go on the air ?
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
Who invented baseball ?
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
What is a fear of thunder ?
What animal has killed the most people ?
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
When was the Battle of Hastings ?
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
When did Muhammad live ?
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
What is a wop ?
Where do rocks come from ?
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
What is the best college in the country ?
What is viscosity ?
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
What are the Nordic nations ?
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What is a fear of bees ?
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
What is a green bog ?
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
What attracts tourists to Reims ?
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
What 's an auberge in France ?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
What does ribavirin consist of ?
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
What was her real name ?
Why are the ears your center of balance ?
Who invented the toothbrush ?
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
What is a fear of being alone ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
How many hearts does an octopus have ?
What plant has the largest seed ?
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
What is the longest word in the English language ?
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
